applications: connectivity_bridge: fix baudrate switching (#19024)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Connectivity Bridge
-------------------

> * Updated the handling of USB CDC ACM baudrate requests to make sure the baudrate is set correctly when the host requests a change. This fixes an issue when using GNU screen with the Thingy:91 X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the handling of USB CDC ACM baud rate requests to make sure the baud rate is set correctly when the host requests a change.
  This fixes an issue when using GNU screen with the Thingy:91 X.
```
